# PrismChallenge
Deck of Cards:
I took a bottom up approach to this challenge. I realized that you cannot have a working deck unless you have a  card so I created that first. The card class was easy to build and I made a toString method that allowed me to test the functionality of the class later on. In the deck class I used a linked list as the representation for my deck. I picked a linked list because I would be able to access elements in O(n) time and it would make things easier with regards to adding elements to the list. I assumed that there was a possibility that we might add more than 52 cards in a deck and by having a LinkedList it would be easier to do that. Looking back I would have started with an array of length 52 instead because it would had made shuffling much easier and accessing elements would be faster. If I assumed that I would only be using 52 cards and I would not be adding more, then an array would once again be much better to use because I can hardcode the size of the array and not worry about adding more elements.The way I tried to shuffle in my current implementation just puts all the cards back in the order that they were originally put into the linked list. To test I printed the deck before and after I call the methods. I did not have time to make Junit test which is what I usually do. I had problems making a makefile(I kept getting spacing errors), so in order to run the program just run the main class and you can test its functionality by changing the main method.


Vacationing Salesman:
I do not have a lot of experience parsing through files so that made this problem very difficult. I started out by parsing through lines in a files then that is where I started writing the pseudocode for what I wanted to do. By looking at the comments I left on file you can see my idea. My only problem was that I did not know how to parse.
